# The Church of the Divine Masochist

One of the major religions of the countries spawned by the former Kalasarian
Empire, the Church of the Divine Masochist's ultimate origin is from a religion
primarily worshiped in a small settlement in an island off the coast of Giza.

That religion, now unknown, had believed that a great theo-political leader
from their people would rise to take the reins of government from the oppressive
Kalasarian regime and free them from their yoke. They rallied around an
influential political figure said to be descended from a lost
religiously-important lineage, who they believed was the "one appointed by God".

The man, however, was unceremoniously imprisoned by the Kalasarian governor and
was scheduled to be whipped to death within a week after his capture. The
governor's daughter, however, fell in love with the man. She pleaded with her
father to release him to her as a slave--a gift for her birthday.

Since then, the two exchanged parables about sin and virtue, before, after or
during various acts of sado-masochism. The governor's daughter then began to
believe that her slave was meant to be something greater, and she helped him
launch a massive propaganda campaign that undermined her father's authority. 

The two had amassed a number of followers, including some prominent religious
scholars, convicts said to have been wrongfully accused, and the governor's third son.
The woman's brother. Collectively, they performed miracles and acts of
compassion, at the same time rebuking the current religious establishment, as
well as the secular Kalasarian government.

## History

## Beliefs

### The Divine Masochist

### The Venerable Mother

### The Angels of Creation and the Demons of Ruin

The Angels of Creation were creatures of immense power, said to have been
endowed by God himself with the powers of creation. However, as they were
enacting His plan, they have begun to question the merits of certain points of
the Grand Plan. After they had come to complete construction of the universe,
they have perceived what they thought of as imperfections in the fabric of the
universe, focusing on the portfolio bestowed upon them.

The extreme focus had led them to lose sight of the greater purpose of the Plan.
They obsessed in the primacy of their domains, that they have turned into dark,
destructive versions of themselves. If they see something that goes beyond their
mandate, they immediately seek to destroy it.

The Angels of Creation were not part of the original canon of scripture of the
early Church. It had been an extremely popular novel, which incorporated
religious themes from the displaced pagan religions of the Kalasar. The story
continued with the Venerable Mother and the Divine Masochist, preaching in the
desert, where they were confronted by the demons one by one. The Divine
Masochist's teachings and miracles have, through the acceptance of pain, and its
release, reformed the demons and had turned them back to angels.

#### The Angel of Humility / The Demon of Inhibition

#### The Angel of Justice / The Demon of Intolerance

#### The Angel of Delight / The Demon of Debauchery

#### The Angel of Nature / The Demon of Pestilence

#### The Angel of Civilization / The Demon of Hubris

## Hierarchy

## Relics

## Canon

## Apologia