# The Church of the Masochist Revived

The Church of the Masochist Revived, known colloquially as The Revivalist Church
had only recently "rebranded" themselves as being a separate entity from the
[Reformed Church of the Divine Masochist](/religions/divine-masochist.md).
Before this development, they have been vying for control for the leadership and
the primary doctrines of the organization. The Burtian interpretation won out
eventually, and so Kirch Valoria and his supporters broke off, and moved
themselves to a hidden Kalassarian monastery in Corrida.

At their peak, they have grown to 16 churches in 3 countries, using the
Reformist banner, until they were declared anathema, and hunted by the Dark
Archons, the Reformists' paramilitary doctrinal enforcement arm.

## Doctrine

A large part of the Reformist doctrine is retained by the Revivalists even well
after the split. In fact, they still use the same canon of texts in their
liturgy and catechism, the most influential of all is "The True Way".

They eschew the Doctrine of Otherness perpetuated by the Orthodoxy--one that
describes physical and mental flaws as manifestations of the sins made by one's
ancestors. As they also deny that supernatural powers are boons of the devil,
but instead a gift from the Divine Masochist himself. 

What they do consider a rebuke of the Orthodoxy's corruption and lies, was the
destruction of the Cathedral at Bastion. Those who were given powers are
those worthy enough to be harbingers of pain, to staunch the deep scars of
society, in order to begin the healing.

They do still believe that the pursuit of pleasure and happiness are the primary
goals of mankind, and the way to explore the boundaries of pleasure and pain is
through the example of the Venerable Matron and the Divine Masochist. That
pleasure may only be truly recognized in the presence of pain. Unlike the
Orthodox position though, this not only meant the pain one experiences in life,
but also pain that is sought. The dispensation and receipt of such experience,
however, according to Revivalist doctrine, must be explicitly consensual.

The ultimate reason for the split was the use of experimentation to breed
Orcines, Cornups and Face-stealers by the upper-echelons of the Reformists. The
dissenters that eventually formed the Revivalists believed that such experiments
went too far, and disrespected the lives of everyone involved. 

## Organization and Hierarchy

 * Prime Guardian
 * Guardians
 * Farmers
 * Minister
 * Deacon
 * Submissive
 * Initiate

The Revivalists have inherited the titles of their hierarchy from the
Reformists, but have dispensed with the secrecy, and the pageantry. In
particular, the founders have found the titles for the Keepers of the Sacrament
to be excessive and distasteful.

what came out was a somewhat flat hierarchy that was similar in structure to the
oen the Calamutian Reformists began to use before they became a legal religion
in the island nation.
