# Death of a God: Session One

## Boatride to the Gods

<div class="event-infobar"'>
<h3>Setting</h3>
<hr>
<dl>
  <dt>Location</dt>
  <dd>Port Piya, Sorha, Ahuria</dd>
  <dt>Date</dt>
  <dd>1275-07-03</dd>
</dl>
</div>


Korha XIX, hesitant as she was, needed to join the Great Convocation due to her
position as a Prince of the Ahuriyata. It was a divine mandate written in the
Sudras of the Great Ahuriyata himself, ignored at great peril to ones life.

And so she had called upon her high-priest Chian Pashe to make preparations to
depart from their palace at the Kolhan capital as soon as possible, and as
nondescript as possible--she did not want any... encounters with her siblings'
hirelings.

So the session began with Korha's unwed daughters, Faivalkhari and Chariharti
exploring the bow of the merchant vessel that was hired them, and their sizeable
retinue into the Palace in the Isle of the Gods--an island in the middle of the
Bay of Gods, Teheseyata.

Fai and Chari were escorted by Fai's mentor and priest, Matarelha. He was, of
course, giving Fai lectures on whatever little thing that came into his mind as
they continued on their travels.

Fai, unbeknown to everyone, was not longer the real Faivalkhari, but instead, a
face-stealer agent of the [Revivalist
Church](/religions/revivalist-divine-masochist.md), a religion formed from the
ashes of Burtz. Her mission: to infiltrate the Sorhan capital--something that
was yet impossible for both the Revivalist, and their rival organization, the
[Reformist Church](/religions/reformed-divine-masochist.md).

Both groups wanted headway into their continent for reasons unknown to Fai. She
didn't really care, though. She only wanted to impress her master Torumaline
Sabrege, whose aim was the spread of the Revivalist doctrine across the known
world. So she, known to both religious groups by her other face, the
platinum-haired Sorscha, pushed to be assigned to the job, despite their
hierarchy's misgivings.

She had actually hoped to take Matarelha's face instead, but a week before the
voyage, the real Faivalkhari died of mysterious causes in an empty palace
corridor. The thought of being able to have the latitude of an Ansa royal had so
much allure, that she took her face, despite not being able to prepare herself
to assume Fai's identity.

And so, during the voyage, she had to discover Fai's personality by poking and
probing into the reactions of her confidants and family members. Hoping not to
be unmasked in the process.

Unfortunately, after a short while of enjoyable mischief with Fai's sister
Chari, the ship was attacked. A gigantic squid had latched itself onto the
ship's bough during a bout of strange weather. The squid had taken
Matarelha--Fai calls him Mat--and was bashing him, and the ship itself into
bits. She was forced to use her magical abilities in front of Mat, and though
she tried to hide it, it seems he was able to see through the deception. Because
Fai--the real Fai--had apparently shown him similar abilities already!

Her spells, and the cannons have successfully driven away the monstrosity,
luckily, but the ship was still in a state of utter disrepair. The ship's crew
were able to patch it up so that they won't immediately sink into the Posara
Sea, but they still wouldn't make the entire voyage to the Isle of Gods in their
current state. They had to make port in Port Piya. 


## Port Piya

<div class="event-infobar"'>
<h3>Setting</h3>
<hr>
<dl>
  <dt>Location</dt>
  <dd>Port Piya, Sorha, Ahuria</dd>
  <dt>Date</dt>
  <dd>1275-07-03</dd>
</dl>
</div>
